I didn't wear a shop when I passed the lyrics test, but I was put in jail
But he was holding an earth mine in his hand
What about claiming that Huang Shang is missing?
What's your reply? Just use the earth mines and stand here to announce the store.
What a shame!
I can't be brave enough
This wave of tests
Find the person who created this kind of thing
It’s an earthy formula
Only Yang Wang
Why now
This wave of experiments can also create earth types.
everyone everyone everyone
Let's look together
Let’s just say that the culture of positive tactics is
what do you want to do
By order of His Majesty
Looking back and asking questions
The iron policy of Tongguo was brutally forced to Wushan
Just wait for this
Beauty Ah Xiao wants to touch him
Go through my level first and then talk about it
we go over
His Majesty's order was released
do you want to be
There is no checkmate to kill the milk doctor
You are pointing at this article with a knife. You are so big.
It's a fraction of the sting
How dare you be as afraid as if you were to die forever?
I don’t know what I have done the most
No matter what I did
As long as my father hasn’t convicted me yet
You are the first-class prince.